i am actually considering uh pursuing
politics
jasmine actually thinks i should become
prime minister of canada
that's a topic for a video
parliamentary politics is a game that
anyone can play
however it is not a game that anyone
can win you know i think i'm like
charismatic and unique enough to
win uh prime minister i'd have a pretty
good chance if i actually become
famous like that and then run for prime
minister
i think i could do a better [ __ ] job
than trudeau did you take any notes
madam chair from that phone call it was
in regards to
the unsolicited um that was my question
did you take notes yes or no
did you take notes i was provided a
briefing note which has been shared
did you okay you have you did you take
notes on your phone call yes or no
for the fourth time everything i
received was in line with no did you
take notes with your own hand that was
the question it's a simple question yes
or no
vardish chagar is a
successful politician not a good
politician not an inspiring or
inspirational
politician she's an absolutely terrible
politician when i hear her talk about
politics
it's horrifying to me i feel this is a
woman who has no concept
of public service whatsoever this is a
woman who has no understanding
of what parliament is supposed to be
what her duties are
as a parliamentarian she seems to me
shockingly
ill-educated and ill-prepared for the
role that she's playing could
could she be worse could her preparation
be any worse than vegan gains who spent
his life uh
playing video games she was training
to be a nurse she went to the university
of waterloo
where she studied sciences as a
pre-nursing
degree but notice what's highlighted in
green
she began volunteering for the liberal
party
at age 13.
i have absolutely no respect for this
politician whatsoever i have no respect
for the political process she's a part
of that has plucked her from obscurity
and put her in a position of not just
power but fame
i think it's a terrible political system
that i don't want to be a part of
i despise many things with the political
culture that um
has put her in this position of power
and fame
but ask yourself richard if you think
it's going to be so easy for you to walk
up to these people's desk
and eat their lunch right off their
table
are you willing to do that work richard
are you willing to put in
the years and years of volunteering
in local party politics are you willing
to make the extraordinary
sacrifices that even a complete scumbag
like
bartish jagger made
on screen right now you see the man who
currently rules the roost
in richard's own writing this is the
federal
member of parliament for guelph this
is his youtube channel that's how many
views
he has on his youtube channel that's how
many
subscribers he has on his youtube
channel
he gets as few as eight views per video
13 views per video
do you think richard is one of those 13
viewers do you think vegan gains
is taking the time to listen to the
speeches from his
member of parliament there's remarkably
little
public interest in parliamentary
politics remarkable little participation
remarkable little involvement and
richard is right in one sense
that if he made the effort if he did the
hard work
over many years he could get he could
get some rewards
from being say one of the 13 people with
this level of
sincere interest in parliament in his
writing but we all know
that's not who richard is that's not
what richard's doing with his time and
he would probably find it
quite humbling to have to struggle fair
and square
to get himself a seat in federal
parliament
what background does this man have lloyd
longfeld
the man who would be richard's
competition if richard were
actually serious about this plan to get
himself elected to parliament and then
become prime minister of canada he
didn't study
political science he didn't study
political philosophy it's quite likely
he has never read aristotle
but what he did do was dedicate eight
years of his life
to working in the local chamber of
commerce
chamber of commerce
it's mysterious without being intriguing
what the chamber of commerce does that's
that's a good way
it's mysterious but not at all
intriguing most you've probably never
given any thought to what goes on
day by day if you were to get a job
working at the chamber of commerce
imagine if richard
had the humility and dedication to spend
eight years of his life working nine to
five
at the chamber of commerce after i
finished high school
i had a much better idea of like the
type of life i wanted to live and i
really realized i'm just not the type of
person
who can like work under somebody
you know have a set schedule
and wake up at nine o'clock
go to bed at like 10 every day i i can't
have
like i can't follow other people's rules
and [ __ ]
so and that's why i got more into
like you know art and entertainment
rather than
you know becoming a lawyer or a doctor
or something like that it's something i
could have done
but it's just not a lifestyle that i
could
handle i'm going to get an only fan only
fans account soon
and start uploading i'll uh probably
just you know upload videos and photos
of my [ __ ] a lot
uh jerking off stuff like that i might
upload videos or do live streams
um jerking off to hentai maybe imagine
if richard
had the humility and dedication to spend
eight years of his life
working nine to five at the chamber of
commerce
it's a different sort of education from
studying political science or political
philosophy
in university it's very different from
reading aristotle but you meet
face to face you speak with you
negotiate with
local businessmen and local politicians
you do things like clear up a complaint
from chinese restaurant owners that the
garbage is being collected at the wrong
times of day in their neighborhood so
the restaurants have to have all this
garbage sitting on the sidewalk for many
hours
that is the level of local politicking
you're getting an education in if you
were
for eight years to be involved in the
chamber
of commerce is this you richard
if not you then who
every so often people in the audience
ask me
why i'm not involved in provincial
politics or federal politics why i'm not
involved in
electoral politics myself and the answer
is very much the same
as the answer i would give when i'm
asked why i'm not more involved in
vegan politics it's easy to talk about
involvement it's easy to talk about
engagement
it's easy to talk about participation
and representation
that's all a little bit vague i like to
talk about
public service i like to talk about
love if you don't really have
love for the people you're trying to
represent
if you don't really have love and
respect for the system you're working
within
and working for then you're playing the
wrong game and you should stay the hell
out of the game
i have the self-awareness to realize i
have much more of an emotional
connection
to a tiny poverty-stricken culture in
southeast asia like laos or cambodia
than i do to canada in many ways i'm
profoundly
an outsider in the country i was born
into
i can't represent these people they can
neither select
nor elect me i'm just as alienated
from the vegan movement as i am for my
fellow canadians whom i would in theory
represent the interests of what richard
vegan gains seems to lack is precisely
this kind
of humble self-awareness and what
richard has
instead are delusions
of grandeur
[Music]
what i love about twitch is that i just
get to be myself i do get to be myself i
get to be a very very um
[Music]
different part of myself it's really
interesting when people come into chat
and they accuse me of being fake
i don't disagree with you i don't know
who my authentic self is on stream yet
every single day that i come on here i
discover new things about myself that
i'm willing to share with you
and new things about myself that feel
important to share with you
and and i love sharing them with you you
guys i really really do
i surprise myself when i surprise you
i'm sorry though i'm talking to you i'm
sorry that i'm caring about you i'm
sorry that i'm trying to figure out who
you are
because all i want to do is open up
enough dialogue so i can expose
everything about myself i will come back
each and every day and i will give you
new reasons to hate me and i will give
you new reasons to love me
because that's what you deserve and
that's what i deserve yeah the planet is
dying
the government hates us the animals are
leaving
the aliens aren't contacting us we might
be alone it just might be you and me
but that's okay because do you really
need anyone else
you